VMDP doc set (#111284)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-vmdp-backing-up-data.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-vmdp/oadp-using-vmdp.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-vmdp-backing-up-data_{context}"]

> = Backing up data from a virtual machine by using VMDP CLI

Reviewer: Here and further:

```suggestion
= Backing up data from a virtual machine by using the VMDP CLI
```

I'd say "the VMDP CLI" for headings.

Author: done.

[role="_abstract"]

> Back up files and directories from within your virtual machine (VM) by using the {oadp-short} VM data protection (VMDP) CLI. This helps you to protect user data, including data accessible over network file systems such as CIFS and NFS shares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Back up files and directories from within your virtual machine (VM) by using the {oadp-full} VM data protection (VMDP) command-line interface (CLI). This helps you to protect user data, including data accessible over network file systems such as CIFS and NFS shares.
```

294 characters.

We'd need to expand the last acronyms too but I can't come up with an updated elegant wording.

> VMDP uses data de-duplication to store data efficiently. If the same data exists in multiple locations, subsequent backups complete faster because only unique data blocks are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VMDP uses data deduplication to store data efficiently. If the same data exists in multiple locations, subsequent backups complete faster because only unique data blocks are stored.
```
